Thanks for letting me talk about Wildly Geography month, a collaboration between the undergrad and geotech committees. 

Rich and I are helping organize events, so please reach out if you have questions.

So how did this get started?

Last Friday the undergrad committee met. We talked about hosting events during Geography Awareness Week, which is usually the week before Thanksgiving. This year, that happens to be our last week of classes and a compressed dead week.

That's how Wildly Geo Month was born; a four-week event that coincides with spring enrollment. It's essentially the week of events spread out over a month. 

The events so far include a short, recurring, synchronous presentation each Wednesday that announces an asynchronous event. For example, a geocache, a data viz contest, rephotography exercise. I thought a raffle might encourage participation. Show up to the presentation and get a chance to win something. Details to follow.

Here is how we think the department as a whole could participate.
1. You could host an event. Geo kickball vs?
2. Share a PowerPoint, video, etc. of Why you are a Geographer, or really any topic
3. Donate swag for a raffle
4. Provide suggestions on how this Wildly Geo month better

If you want to participate fill out the form, check out the calendar of events. Link in the chat.


Wildly Geography Month: https://geography.as.uky.edu/wildly-geography (don't share beyond department yet)


Instead of doing events for Geography Awareness Week, which includes GIS Day but is during the last week of class, host a month-long series events that coincide with spring enrollment beginning October 26. 

Each Wednesday (after geo classes end) a short synchronous event will announce the week's geo challenge. E.g., a data viz contest, a geocache, a photography scavenger hunt, etc. To encourage participation, each Wednesday presentation a raffle will be held. (Who wants maps?) 

Other events are highly encouraged. Donation of swag, too! Use the Google Form below to participate in any way you want.

TODO? 

When it comes time to make this page public, it should be shared in class, on social media, etc.

GIS Day needs presenters. Is it you?

